The Joe Rogan experience.
Chris Rocca is so big for awhile that I think people stop paying the respect.
He deserved a hundred percent and I,
and when he got COVID I realized how, just how important Chris rock was to me.
Like, I'd like just, you know,
cause I think Norman just passed and I was at the biggest norm fan in the world.
And then Chris rock got sick and I did like a deep dive on my own head of like,
just how great that guy.
Well, if you go back to like bigger and blacker or you go back to.
The pain, the.
Pain, the pain, those are two of the best specials of all time.
Like if you want to look at your top 10 comedians of all time, in my opinion,
you have to have Chris rocker there.
Without a doubt, without a doubt. There's no questions. Call is the.
Dark horse.
Hold on, give me a second. Now I have a lot of dark horses,
but I don't know.
Martin Lawrence, Martin Lawrence in the 1990s. So people forgot.
You must be crazy, dude. Oh, you so crazy. Rather you so crazy.
And he had like a couple of other specials that were on that same level.
He had like two or three specialists that were like lightning bolts.
And it's hard because you got to compare them for the time.
Like comedies comedy is a weird thing, man.
Like even like comedy movies from the eighties or nineties that you thought were
the. Some of them just don't hold up for whatever reason and standup comedy.
A lot of it just seems different because the culture so different cause the
world. So like everything's evolving and changing so fast. It's hard,
but there's a few guys from the 1990s that would
just obliterate,
like you forgot how good comics can be.
And I remember I saw Martin Lawrence at the comedy store many times,
like seven,
10 times when he was in his prime somewhere around then I remember he would
come by and just sell out the main room and he would just sit there and watch
him murder. I mean,
murder people falling out of the chairs.
I mean screaming in agony because they're laughing so hard and it was,
you know, this was 1994. Martin Lawrence was the king dude.
I'm telling you.
The thing, the thing that Chris rock brought, uh, once again, um.
Um, but hold on, let me tell you something, before we go any further.
One of the things that happened to Chris rock was he had a follow Martin
Lawrence at the store. No, no.
They did a show together and Chris rock talked about it and talked about it.
How forced him to tighten up his act because he had a follow Martin Lawrence and
he realized it, no disrespect intended white people.
He realized that he said that he'd been playing it too many white rooms.
And he realized like he had,
he had gotten like a little bit lazy or maybe a little slower than he should be
whatever he had, uh,
developed a style that maybe wasn't he saw Martin crush and then he had a hard
time after.
And then after that you get some of the greatest Chris rock performances of all
time. After that, you get, bring the pain after that,
you get bigger and blacker after that you get some of the greatest bits ever.
So he, he, he saw like we all like every time you've bombed.
How many times do you hear it goes right here.
He goes up one night in Chicago as usual. I was the headliner.
And on this night,
my opening act was an up and coming comic named Martin Lawrence. Now,
normally I never used to watch the opening acts,
but I was in my dressing room and I heard a roar.
I got up to see what was going on. I thought it was a fight or something.
So I got up and went to the side of the stage. When I got there,
I realized it wasn't a fight.
It was people laughing so hard that the building was shaking.
People were crying, standing stomping, their feet screaming.
Laughter I was terrified.
It was like watching somebody your wife with a bigger Dick.
That's how good Martin Lawrence was.
I followed Martin Lawrence almost every time I worked on a night with Martin
Lawrence Mitzi always made me follow Martin Lawrence.
I never bombed harder in my life with three quarters of the artist is walking
out as you're going on stage. I mean three quarters.
That's how good Martin Lawrence was in the 1990s. I'm telling you, dude,
I'm telling you I would watch him. And I was like, this guy is like,
he's hitting some crazy RPMs. You know, if you ever like a sports car,
like 8,000 games is crazy. Some of them go to nine. Someone's like,
[inaudible] like, how long can you go at that RPM?
Like Martin Lawrence was on this wild RPM where he was,
he was crushing so hard,
but then he had a bunch of issues and then he had his show.
He had a show Martin and then he had a bunch of issues. You know, he had like,
like a, like a breakdown. Right? Remember that, but too.
But I think a lot of that. No, no, no, no. I mean maybe I don't,
I don't think about that, but I know he had no, no, no, no, no, no.
I think he had like some sort of a manic attack and he got arrested for wearing
like a sweatsuit. No, no. It was like a wet Sumo. He fell a stroke,
heat exhaustion from heat exhaustion or preparing for big mama's house.
So he was losing weight. Is that what he was doing with the wetsuit on?
I had to go on a ventilator, Jesus Christ. But then they think that he had some,
an episode
I make what's body temperature up to 107 degrees.
So something that could have caused, I mean like a mental episode.
I mean that made him think that that was a good idea to do.
Maybe I think it was judge edit this.
Too much. Editing my thing with Martin Lawrence is,
and is that more Lawrence seemed like someone, it was a God gift to him.
Right? Like the, the guy he was sent at a.
Super duper talented, but he also worked really hard, man.
But that's the thing with a guy like Martin Lawrence or Jay Z.
It doesn't seem like they work hard to see Richard Pryor seems like,
or Eddie Griffin, it seems like a justice. What they do, you know, it's that.
Too, you know, there's a lot of those, just what they do,
guys that never get to that level. Like what separates a guy like that?
You know, from a guy who's just a funny dude that we all know.
That we hang around with at the store.
There's always a guy who's just like really good.
And they go on stage and they're really good,
but they never figured out how to like get to a place like those guys.
Like what's the difference? The difference for me. I mean, I, I know for a fact,
my difference is when I saw Chris Rockton,
he talked about how you train for a special, I was like, oh yeah, that's.
Oh, he would bring in comics and pay them to watch his set and give them notes.
Like he was, he was working in collaboration with other people where he's like,
he had like a group of peers and he would throw his ideas at them and say,
you know, like,
what do you think about DePaulo made some brilliant DePaulo rich Voss,
Jay Richard, Jenny was a big war, was a thing that happened.
Oh it says Lawrence rented traffic in Los Angeles,
screaming and acting like a mad man. That's what I remember. According to. Yes,
that's right.
Big mama's house asked her also had a loaded firearm in his possession.
Lawrence was removed from the scene by law enforcement and hospitalized.
Martin was yelling a fight, you know, don't give up,
fight the power or something like that.
A witness told a witness told K cow,
he was shouting some obscenities or something. Maybe he's just doing his Zack.
Maybe he's working on a bit. Yeah.
I'm a Martin Lawrence fan.
Up and down. Listen, dude, I'm telling you I am too.
But I just think it's hard to be that good.
I think there's something about being that good as a guitarist or something to
be about good as a test player or what a bike ride or whatever the you are.
I was, I was just talking to a friend of mine about a, uh,
tour de France and about, uh, Lance Armstrong,
like how crazy you have to be to be that good. Like,
[inaudible] be that good against other people who are just like you. Like,
you have to be so driven that you're better than all these other
insanely driven.
Like you're dealing with like insane RPMs insane,
insane watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.